Clarify that all units must be defined in UnitDefinitions (#337) (#500)
modelica/fmi-standard: docs/2_2_common_schema.adoc

The quantity names are not standardized]_

|unit
|Unit of the variable defined with `UnitDefinitions.Unit.name` that is used for the model equations.
_[For example, "N.m": in this case a `Unit.name = "N.m"` must be present under `UnitDefinitions`.

> Note that to state unitlessnes, the node should not have the attribute unit. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that for variables that are without a unit, the element should not have a `unit` attribute.
```

> Giving an empty string as a value is a valid unit that needs to be defined among the unit definition.]_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Giving an empty string as a `unit` attribute specifies a valid unit that needs to be defined among the unit definitions.]_
```

The quantity names are not standardized]_

|unit
|Unit of the variable defined with `UnitDefinitions.Unit.name` that is used for the model equations.
_[For example, "N.m": in this case a `Unit.name = "N.m"` must be present under `UnitDefinitions`.]_

> Every unit must be defined in `UnitDefinitions` even if it's an empty string (`unit=""`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Every unit must be defined in `UnitDefinitions` even if it is an empty string (`unit=""`).
```
